Update docs and CI to support rabbitmq-external chart (#655)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/docs_ubuntu_22.04.md

[restund:vars]
restund_uid = root
restund_allowed_private_network_cidrs='["172.16.0.0/24"]'

> [rmq-cluster:vars]

Author: this is the example ini file...
the explanation for these terms are there in https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/pull/655/files#diff-93e9033fd67aada0c2abd73d7f79270f08e1f4ad13bc8772b9cc28c54e194265R25

Compression: Uncompressed, ZIP, ZLIB, BZIP2
```

## Deploying Kubernetes, Restund and stateful services

> In order to deploy all the services run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to deploy all services run:
```

Or

```suggestion
In order to deploy all mentioned services run:
```

```
d ./bin/offline-cluster.sh
```
In case any of the steps in this script fail, see the notes in the comments that accompany each step.
Comment out steps that have already completed when re-running the scripts.

> #### Ensuring kubernetes is healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Ensuring Kubernetes is healthy.
```

It's a name :smile:

> Ensure the cluster comes up healthy. The container also contains kubectl, so check the node status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the cluster comes up healthy. The container also contains `kubectl`, so check the node status:
```

'
```

### Preparation for Federation

> For enabling Federation, we need to have RabbitMQ in place. Please follow the instructions here - [offline/federation_preparation.md] for setting up RabbitMQ.

Reviewer: AFAIK this is not a valid markdown link.
```suggestion
For enabling Federation, we need to have RabbitMQ in place. Please follow the instructions here - [offline/federation_preparation.md](./offline/federation_preparation.md) for setting up RabbitMQ.
```

> For enabling Federation, we need to have RabbitMQ in place. Please follow the instructions here - [offline/federation_preparation.md] for setting up RabbitMQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For enabling Federation, we need to have RabbitMQ in place. Please follow the instructions in [offline/federation_preparation.md] for setting up RabbitMQ.
```

After that continue to the next steps below.

> ### Preparing helm values for external services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preparing Helm values for external services
```

Afterwards, run the following playbook to create helm values that tell our helm charts
what the IP addresses of cassandra, elasticsearch, minio and rabbitmq are.

```
d ansible-playbook -i ./ansible/inventory/offline/hosts.ini ansible/helm_external.yml
```

### Deploying Wire

It's now time to deploy the helm charts on top of kubernetes, installing the Wire platform.

#### Finding the stateful services

> First.  Make kubernetes aware of where all the external stateful services are by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, setup interfaces from Kubernetes to external services by running:
```

Reviewer: Don't anthropomorphize computers, they don't like it... :wink:
